Steve pascoe doc issue 6645 multiple OIDC idp support (#7687)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.8/self-managed/components/orchestration-cluster/identity/connect-multiple-identity-providers.md

---
id: connect-multiple-identity-providers
title: Connect to multiple identity providers
sidebar_label: Connect to multiple identity providers
description: Learn how to connect Camunda 8 Orchestration Cluster Identity to mulitple external Identity Providers (IdP) via OpenID Connect (OIDC) for authentication and user management
unlisted: true
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

Camunda 8 Orchestration Cluster (OC) supports integrating multiple OpenID Connect (OIDC) Identity Providers (IdPs), allowing users from different organizations or platforms to authenticate using their preferred provider. This feature is essential for environments with diverse authentication needs, such as multi-organization, partner, or tenant scenarios.

With multiple IdPs configured:

- Users will choose their IdP when logging in to a cluster.
- Camunda will validate and accept access tokens from multiple trusted issuers for both web and automated (API) access.
- You can offer greater flexibility and security, aligning with best practices for identity federation and multi-tenancy.

## Overview

> When multiple OIDC providers are set up, the clusterlogin page lets users select the provider they wish to use. For API access, any bearer token issued by one of the configured and trusted issuers is accepted; all others are denied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple OIDC providers are set up, the cluster login page lets users select the provider they wish to use. For API access, any bearer token issued by one of the configured and trusted issuers is accepted; all others are denied.
```

camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.keycloak.redirect-uri: "http://localhost:8080/sso-callback"
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.keycloak.audiences: <YOUR_CLIENTID>
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.keycloak.scope:
  ["openid", "profile", "email"]

# Microsoft EntraID
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.entraid.client-name: "Microsoft EntraID - ContractorCompany"
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.entraid.client-id: <YOUR_ENTRAID_CLIENTID>
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.entraid.client-secret: <YOUR_ENTRAID_CLIENTSECRET>
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.entraid.issuer-uri: "https://login.microsoftonline.com/<YOUR_TENANT_ID>/v2.0"
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.entraid.redirect-uri: "http://localhost:8080/sso-callback"
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.entraid.audiences: <YOUR_ENTRAID_CLIENTID>
camunda.security.authentication.providers.oidc.entraid.scope:
  ["openid", "profile", "<YOUR_ENTRAID_CLIENTID>/.default"]
```

:::tip
The **issuer-uri** property is required and identifies the identity provider that issues tokens for this configuration.
:::

> You can repeat these variables for any number of OIDC IdPs by using a unique `<REG_ID>` for each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can repeat these variables for any number of OIDC IdPs by using a unique `<provider-id>` for each.
```
